README.md, before:

## AbslutPositionSys_Action_B

------------------------------
#### My graduate design to fork a OPS for *Robocon compitition* or indoor 2D move device, which is a embeded sys on *STM32F405*, calc and output current *position info* in the coordinate system created on the start point.

+ dbug_log: 05/02/2019 
   modify dmp driver to tow mpu6050. 
   find that mpu6050 with dmp **can't init at a not horizental flat**

+ dbug_log: 05/01/2019 
   find bug @pwm configor, modified and test OK. 
   midify usart1 rx interrupt to recive instructions. 
   use mpu6050 dmp driver for one sensor successful. 

+ dbug_log: 04/30/2019  
   add tim2 interrupt to provide a time base for imu calc, test OK.  
   modify Heat_Res from GPIO to PWM drive mode, to get a smoth control, test OK. 
   
+ dbug_log: 04/29/2019   
   successfully read the sensor AS5045's data,  
   it means all hardware is ready, then fit them togather.

+ dbug_log: 04/27/2019   
   successfully read origin data from MPU6050 imu sensor.  
   waitting for data-processing and AS5045.

Commit message:

position and direction data got, almost done

README.md, after:

## AbslutPositionSys_Action_B

------------------------------
#### My graduate design to fork a OPS for *Robocon compitition* or indoor 2D move device, which is a embeded sys on *STM32F405*, calc and output current *position info* in the coordinate system created on the start point.

+ dbug_log: 05/05/2019 
   modify AS5045 cycle counter to zero. 
   simplly set PID parament for temperature control. 

+ dbug_log: 05/04/2019  
   get sin graph form AS5045 and linen it. 
   successfully count tonggle freq from AS5045 data and int for position OK. 
   waitting for PID control for imu device. 
   
+ dbug_log: 05/02/2019 
   modify dmp driver to tow mpu6050. 
   find that mpu6050 with ***dmp can't init at a not horizental flat*** 

+ dbug_log: 05/01/2019 
   find bug @pwm configor, modified and test OK. 
   midify usart1 rx interrupt to recive instructions. 
   use mpu6050 dmp driver for one sensor successful. 

+ dbug_log: 04/30/2019  
   add tim2 interrupt to provide a time base for imu calc, test OK.  
   modify Heat_Res from GPIO to PWM drive mode, to get a smoth control, test OK. 
   
+ dbug_log: 04/29/2019   
   successfully read the sensor AS5045's data,  
   it means all hardware is ready, then fit them togather.

+ dbug_log: 04/27/2019   
   successfully read origin data from MPU6050 imu sensor.  
   waitting for data-processing and AS5045.
